welcome to Hampton Inn do you have a
reservation no is that a dog in your
back nope we actually allow small pets
with a cleaning deposit good because I
have a small dog in my vehicle what you
doing back in mercury nerd you move back
or course not gross
[Music]
Oh
I'm watching the closes below
psychotic [ __ ] here's the deal buddy
Slade and I are meant to be together and
I'm here to get him back I'm pretty sure
he's married with a kid on the way
Oh kids here I'm cool with it I mean
I've got baggage too I would keep all of
this to yourself I would I would find a
therapist
[Music]
you are a piece of work
I help you find something I'm going to a
rock concert with another flame let's
show him what he's been missing
no he seen me recently he knows his wife
hasn't seen me in a while so you can
come to the city with me like we always
planned
maybe something married man beat this
thing together
[Music]
you